00._Course_Material/01._Assignments/08._Forms_First_Svelte_Project/register_domain_emails/registering_domain_onecom.md, before:

# Registering domains with one.com

Get the voucher coupon from Teams. 

Remember that it's optional to use one.com and you are welcome to use other methods. 

Other services offer student discounts. 


---

# Steps I

Note that the design of the website may change over time.

1. Go to [one.com](https://www.one.com/en/)

2. Click on "Domain" in the top menu.

3. Enter the domain you want to register in the search field and click "Search".

4. Click on "Add to cart" next to the domain you want to register.

5. Click on "Do you have a voucher code?" and enter the voucher. Click "Add".

---

# Steps II

6. Click on "Continue to checkout".

7. Fill in the required information and click "Continue". You must use your real email and phone number since you will get an activation link + code. 

If you get the chance, then select "I want one.com to administrate my *** domains." 

In your case it means that when you wish to terminate the domain you allow one.com to do it on your behalf rather than you having to contact another company to do it.

Take a break! It can take up to an hour before you get the domain. 

---

Commit message:

added comment for register domain on one.com guide - need to activate domain on punktum.dk for resend to work

00._Course_Material/01._Assignments/08._Forms_First_Svelte_Project/register_domain_emails/registering_domain_onecom.md, after:

# Registering domains with one.com

Get the voucher coupon from Teams. 

Remember that it's optional to use one.com and you are welcome to use other methods. 

Other services offer student discounts. 


---

# Steps I

Note that the design of the website may change over time.

1. Go to [one.com](https://www.one.com/en/)

2. Click on "Domain" in the top menu.

3. Enter the domain you want to register in the search field and click "Search".

4. Click on "Add to cart" next to the domain you want to register.

5. Click on "Do you have a voucher code?" and enter the voucher. Click "Add".

---

# Steps II

6. Click on "Continue to checkout".

7. Fill in the required information and click "Continue". You must use your real email and phone number since you will get an activation link + code. 

If you get the chance, then select "I want one.com to administrate my *** domains." 

In your case it means that when you wish to terminate the domain you allow one.com to do it on your behalf rather than you having to contact another company to do it.

Take a break! It can take up to an hour before you get the domain. 

You will receive an email from Punktum.dk asking you to activate your new domain. The email includes your user ID and password details.
You must complete this activation if you want to use the domain — for example, with Resend. If you do not activate the domain, the MX and TXT records will not propagate and will remain pending indefinitely.

---
